Okta SSO guide updates (#1157)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/user-guides/administrators-guide/okta-sso/index.mdx

---
title: "Okta SSO Setup"
description: Set up the RudderStack SSO (Single Sign-On) feature with Okta.
aliases: ["Okta SSO", "Okta"]
---

The <a href="https://www.okta.com/integrations/rudderstack/">Okta RudderStack app</a> is available on the **Okta Integration Network (OIN)**. This guide lists the steps to set up the integration.

<GhBadge
  url={'https://rudderstack.com/enterprise-quote'}
  label={'Plan'}
  message={'Enterprise'}
  color={'blueviolet'}
/>

> <div class="infoBlock">

Reviewer: Can remove the infoblock as we are following in other docs as well.

> <div class="infoBlock">

Author: ```suggestion
```

To manually configure and enable Okta SSO for your organization, refer to the <Link to="/user-guides/administrators-guide/okta-sso/manual-setup/">Manual Setup</Link> guide. 

> </div>

Author: ```suggestion
```

<div class="warningBlock">
Check the <strong>Do not display application icon to users</strong> and <strong>Do not display application icon in the Okta Mobile App</strong> settings as this app need not be visible to your users.
</div>

5. Under **Sign on methods**, choose **SAML 2.0**. Retain the rest of the settings and click **Done**. 

## Step 2: Configure SAML 2.0 for RudderStack

1. In your Okta dashboard, go to **Applications** and select the application you configured above.
2. Go to the **Sign On** tab and click the **View SAML setup instructions** button, as shown:

<img src="../../../assets/user-guides/rudderstack-okta-sso-3.png" alt="View SAML setup instructions" />

3. In the **Configuration Steps** section of the guide, copy the **Identity Provider Single Sign-On URL** present in **Step 2**, as shown:

<img src="../../../assets/user-guides/rudderstack-okta-sso-4.png" alt="Single Sign-On URL" />

4. Share this URL with the [RudderStack team](mailto:hello@rudderstack.com) to enable SAML 2.0 for your account.

## Step 3: Add the RudderStack SSO Bookmark app

<div class="infoBlock">

> Your users will use this app to quickly access the RudderStack web app using the SSO functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your users can use this app to quickly access the [RudderStack dashboard](https://app.rudderstack.com/) using the SSO functionality.
```

</div>

1. Go to the [RudderStack SSO integration page](https://www.okta.com/integrations/rudderstack/). Then, click **Add Integration**, as shown:

<img src="../../../assets/user-guides/rudderstack-okta-sso-1.png" alt="Add Integration" />

2. Set the **Application Label** that you set previously. Then, click **Next**.

<div class="warningBlock">
Do not check the <strong>Do not display application icon to users</strong> and <strong>Do not display application icon in the Okta Mobile App</strong> settings as this app will be visible to your users.
</div>

<img src="../../../assets/user-guides/rudderstack-okta-sso-5.png" alt="Application name and visibility" />

> 3. Under **Sign on methods**, choose **Bookmark-only**. Set the **Login URL** to `https://app.rudderstack.com/sso?domain=<your_website>.com`, where `<your_website>` is your organizaiton's web domain. Retain the rest of the settings and click **Done**. 

Reviewer 2: is it possible to have a "click to copy" button for the URL?

Author: As discussed, we'll assess if we can add this functionality to our new Hugo site.

> 3. Under **Sign on methods**, choose **Bookmark-only**. Set the **Login URL** to `https://app.rudderstack.com/sso?domain=<your_website>.com`, where `<your_website>` is your organizaiton's web domain. Retain the rest of the settings and click **Done**. 

Author: ```suggestion
3. Under **Sign on methods**, choose **Bookmark-only**. Set the **Login URL** to `https://app.rudderstack.com/sso?domain=<your_website>.com`, where `<your_website>` is your organization's web domain. Retain the rest of the settings and click **Done**. 
```
